Envs for #14068 (#99)
blockscout/docs: setup/env-variables/backend-env-variables.mdx

| `ACCOUNT_KEYCLOAK_REALM`                            | Realm for [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/). Implemented in [#14068](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/14068).                                                                           | Version: master <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: API                              |
| `ACCOUNT_KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_ID`                        | [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) client ID. Implemented in [#14068](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/14068).                                                                           | Version: master <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: API                              |
| `ACCOUNT_KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_SECRET`                    | [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) client secret. Implemented in [#14068](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/14068).                                                                       | Version: master <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: API                              |

> | `ACCOUNT_KEYCLOAK_EMAIL_WEBHOOK_URL`                | URL address where new email users are reported. Implemented in [#14068](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/14068).                                                                            | Version: master <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: API                              |

Reviewer: ### 
```suggestion
| `ACCOUNT_SENDGRID_OTP_TEMPLATE`                     | Sendgrid email OTP template for login with email functionality. Implemented in [#14068](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/14068).                                                            | Version: v10.1.0\+, v9.4.0\+ <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: API                              |
| `ACCOUNT_KEYCLOAK_DOMAIN`                           | Domain for [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/). Implemented in [#14068](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/14068).                                                                          | Version: v10.1.0\+, v9.4.0\+ <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: API                              |
| `ACCOUNT_KEYCLOAK_REALM`                            | Realm for [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/). Implemented in [#14068](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/14068).                                                                           | Version: v10.1.0\+, v9.4.0\+ <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: API                              |
| `ACCOUNT_KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_ID`                        | [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) client ID. Implemented in [#14068](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/14068).                                                                           | Version: v10.1.0\+, v9.4.0\+ <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: API                              |
| `ACCOUNT_KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_SECRET`                    | [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) client secret. Implemented in [#14068](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/14068).                                                                       | Version: v10.1.0\+, v9.4.0\+ <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: API                              |
| `ACCOUNT_KEYCLOAK_EMAIL_WEBHOOK_URL`                | URL address where new email users are reported. Implemented in [#14068](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/14068).                                                                            | Version: v10.1.0\+, v9.4.0\+ <br />Default: (empty) <br />Applications: API                              |
```
